okay we are back here again with my
Kirby classic Omega and I have now I
have modified it
it now has on it the bag and emptor unit
from a Kirby Heritage - and the modified
part is the part the top of the bag
holder the Heritage - had a plastic
piece on the top of it which fit into a
slot in the hand
now this this is a little coin slot here
so it doesn't the classic Omega doesn't
have the part where that would attach to
so what I did is I removed that and I
put on the top from the original classic
Omega bag so now I can use Kirby style
three replaceable bags in so let's give
this a try
I've got crap all over the carpet down
here and this is from those two nasty
convertibles over there that I was going
to make a video of but haven't gotten to
yet but we're going to clean this up
with the Kirby and you'll see how it
works and I'll be back because the cord
appears to have gone missing so I'm
going to have to find that okay we have
the cord for the Kirby now so let's fire
it up and see how she does
okay not bad and the reason why I kept
the entry and it didn't go ahead with
just one of the aftermarket bag units
with the mini emptor on it is just in
case I happen to pick up something
screws whatever that I need they'll fall
down into the emptor still the same
style the same as with the original
cloth bag granted it does allow for a
little bit of leakage but as long as the
seals are okay then that really
shouldn't be a problem so there we have
it the updated Kirby classic Omega